feat: simplify entry points (#617)
Shopify/hydrogen: packages/hydrogen/src/framework/docs/index.md

        └── index.server.jsx
        └── redirect.server.jsx
        └── sitemap.xml.server.jsx
    ├── App.server.jsx
    ├── index.css
```

{% endcodeblock %}

> Note that Hydrogen's default client entry point (for hydration) is `/@shopify/hydrogen/entry-client`, which is included in `index.html`. If you need control over the entry point, create a new file such as `/src/entry-client.jsx` with the following content and update the path in `index.html`:
> 
> {% codeblock file, filename: '/src/entry-client.jsx' %}
> 
> ```jsx
> import renderHydrogen from '@shopify/hydrogen/entry-client';
> 
> const ClientWrapper = (props) => props.children;
> 
> export default renderHydrogen(ClientWrapper);
> ```
> 
> {% endcodeblock %}
> 
> For changing Hydrogen's default server entry point (`/src/App.server.jsx`), pass an environment variable `HYDROGEN_SERVER_ENTRY` to the development command (`HYDROGEN_SERVER_ENTRY=/my/path/MyApp.server vite`) or use the `--ssr` flag when building (`vite build --ssr /my/path/MyApp.server`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring default entry points

Hydrogen's default client entry point is `/@shopify/hydrogen/entry-client`, which is included in `index.html` and used for hydration purposes. If you need to configure the entry point, then create a new file such as `/src/entry-client.jsx` with the following content and update the path in `index.html`:

{% codeblock file, filename: '/src/entry-client.jsx' %}

```jsx
import renderHydrogen from '@shopify/hydrogen/entry-client';

const ClientWrapper = (props) => props.children;

export default renderHydrogen(ClientWrapper);
```

{% endcodeblock %}

To change Hydrogen's default server entry point (`/src/App.server.jsx`), pass an environment variable `HYDROGEN_SERVER_ENTRY` to the development command (`HYDROGEN_SERVER_ENTRY=/my/path/MyApp.server vite`) or use the `--ssr` flag when building (`vite build --ssr /my/path/MyApp.server`).
```

Author: @mcvinci Something that might be useful for your edits: this code suggestion had bad format because there was another code block inside it. I edited it to add 4 backticks to the suggestion block instead of 3 and it worked (https://github.com/isaacs/github/issues/1452#issuecomment-685302238).

Reviewer: @frandiox I was definitely struggling with formatting this suggestion. Thanks for the tip -- will definitely be using that next time! 👍
